Add initial set of questions (#31)
huserben/scrum-kata: questions/apply_devise.md

---
layout: post
title: "Apply & Devise"
parent: Katas
---

> What is one way to "apply and devise" from a pattern or process as described in the Scrum Guide?

Author: First, I think the context is the following line from the SG: "As Scrum is being used, patterns, processes, and insights that fit the Scrum framework as described in this document, may be found, applied and devised. "

I think examples could be the use of Kanban/Flow metrics, different sizing techniques etc.

Do you think the SG line would help with the question? or should we drop it?

> What is one way to "apply and devise" from a pattern or process as described in the Scrum Guide?

Reviewer: I feel like the line from SG will help. Here is one of the options:

The Scrum Guide says: "As Scrum is being used, patterns, processes, and insights that fit the Scrum framework as described in this document, may be found, applied and devised".

What examples could you name and how they can be helpful for a Scrum Team?

> What is one way to "apply and devise" from a pattern or process as described in the Scrum Guide?

Author: I like it :-) Shall I adjust it?

> What is one way to "apply and devise" from a pattern or process as described in the Scrum Guide?

Reviewer: Please forgive me for completely overriding your question. Initially, it wasn't clear to me, so I assume it eventually might not be clear to others. Do not hesitate to replace my version with yours :)

> What is one way to "apply and devise" from a pattern or process as described in the Scrum Guide?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scrum Guide says: "As Scrum is being used, patterns, processes, and insights that fit the Scrum framework as described in this document, may be found, applied and devised".

What examples could you name, and how can they be helpful for a Scrum Team?
```

> What is one way to "apply and devise" from a pattern or process as described in the Scrum Guide?

Reviewer: I made a new suggestion with the updates. Please review at the very end. :)

> What is one way to "apply and devise" from a pattern or process as described in the Scrum Guide?

Author: What about adding "Can you think of examples where it would not be helpful"?
